## Language

en_us

## Programming Language

Python

## Original Requirements

All submissions for this problem are available. Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.
Sereja have N programs. Sereja should run every program on two computers. Program number i works A[i] seconds on first computer and B[i] seconds on second. On each computer Sereja isn't able to run two programs in parallel, also Sereja isn't able to run one program on two computers in one moment. Sereja need to run all programs on both computers in minimal time. Help Sereja in his problem.
Input
First line contain integer T number of test cases. T tests follow. First line of each test case contain integer N. Next N lines contain integers A[i], B[i].

Output
For each test case output optimal time in separated line. On the next N lines. In i-th line output pair of numbers X, Y X - start of working program number i on first computer, j - the same information for second computer.

Constraints

1 ≤ Sum of N over all the test cases ≤  200000 
1 ≤ N ≤  10000 
1 ≤ A[i], B[i] ≤  100000 


Subtasks
Subtask #1: 1 ≤ N ≤  10 , 1 ≤ T ≤  1000 (16 points)
Subtask #2: 1 ≤ N ≤  500 (21 points)
Subtask #3: 1 ≤ N ≤  10000 (63 points)

Example
Input:
2
1
1 1
3
2 2
1 1
1 1


Output:
2
0 1
4
2 0
0 2
1 3

.

## Project Name

sereja_and_two_computers

## Product Goals

- Create a program that can run on two computers in minimal time
- Provide an efficient algorithm for solving the problem
- Handle multiple test cases

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to input the number of programs and their running times on two computers
- As a user, I want to get the optimal time to run all programs on both computers
- As a user, I want to see the start time of each program on both computers

## Competitive Analysis

- There are no known competitive products for this specific problem.
- However, there are many general-purpose scheduling algorithms that could be used to solve this problem.
- One such algorithm is the Earliest Deadline First (EDF) algorithm.
- EDF is a dynamic scheduling algorithm that assigns priorities to tasks based on their deadlines.
- In this case, the deadlines would be the times at which the programs need to be completed on each computer.
- EDF would then schedule the programs in order of their deadlines, starting with the programs that have the earliest deadlines.

## Competitive Quadrant Chart

quadrantChart
    title "Reach and engagement of campaigns"
    x-axis "Low Reach" --> "High Reach"
    y-axis "Low Engagement" --> "High Engagement"
    quadrant-1 "We should expand"
    quadrant-2 "Need to promote"
    quadrant-3 "Re-evaluate"
    quadrant-4 "May be improved"
    "Campaign A": [0.3, 0.6]
    "Campaign B": [0.45, 0.23]
    "Campaign C": [0.57, 0.69]
    "Campaign D": [0.78, 0.34]
    "Campaign E": [0.40, 0.34]
    "Campaign F": [0.35, 0.78]
    "Our Target Product": [0.5, 0.6]

## Requirement Analysis

The requirements are clear and concise.

## Requirement Pool

- ['P0', 'The program should be able to read the input data.']
- ['P0', 'The program should be able to calculate the optimal time to run all programs on both computers.']
- ['P0', 'The program should be able to output the start time of each program on both computers.']

## UI Design draft

The program will have a simple command-line interface.

## Anything UNCLEAR



