## Language

en_us

## Programming Language

Python

## Original Requirements

All submissions for this problem are available. Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Kekocity's population consist of N gnomes numbered with unique ids from 1 to N. As they are very joyful gnomes, they usually send jokes to their friends right after they get any (even if they knew it before) via their social network named as Mybeard. Mybeard became popular in the city because of message auto-deletion. It takes exactly one minute to read and resend joke to mates.

Mayor of Kekocity, Mr. Shaikhinidin, is interested in understanding how the jokes are spread. He gives you database of Mybeard social network, and wants you to answer some queries on it.

You will be given a list of friends for every gnome and M queries of the following type: Who will receive a message with joke after exactly K minutes, if the creator of joke was gnome with id x?
Input
The first line contains a single integer N denoting the number of gnomes.
The next N lines contain the the matrix g[N][N]. Each of the i-th line, will contain N space separated integers - j-th of those will denote g[i][j]. If gnome j is friend of gnome i, then g[i][j] is 1. Otherwise it will be zero. Plese note that the friendship relationship is not bidirectional, i.e. it might happen that g[i][j] may not be equal to g[j][i]. Also one can be friend of itself also, i.e. g[i][i] may be equal to 1.
The next line contains a single integer M denoting the number of queries. The next M lines contain two integers k and x described above.
Output
For each query, output two lines.
In the first line, output how many gnomes will know the joke after k minutes.
In the second line, print these ids (numbering) of these gnomes in increasing order. If no one will know the joke after K minutes, then print -1 in this line.
Constraints

1 ≤ N ≤ 500
1 ≤ M ≤ 500
0 ≤ k ≤ 109
1 ≤ x ≤ N
0 ≤ g[i][j] ≤ 1

 Subtasks 
 Subtask #1 : (10 points) 

1 ≤ N ≤ 50
1 ≤ M ≤ 50
0 ≤ k ≤ 50

 Subtask #2 : (15 points) 

Original constraints
Every gnome has exactly one friend (for every i there is exactly one j such that g[i][j] = 1. Note that j can be equal to i) 

 Subtask #3 : (30 points) 

1 ≤ N ≤ 75
1 ≤ M ≤ 75
0 ≤ k ≤ 109

 Subtask #4 : (45 points) 

Original constraints

Example
Input:
5
0 1 0 0 0
0 0 1 1 0
1 0 0 0 0
0 0 0 1 0
0 0 0 0 0
4
3 1
10000 1
0 5
1 5

Output:
2
1 4
2
2 4
1
5
0
-1


## Project Name

joke_spread

## Product Goals

- Provide an efficient way to track the spread of jokes in Kekocity
- Allow the mayor to understand how jokes are spread and who is most likely to receive them
- Provide a user-friendly interface for the mayor to access the data

## User Stories

- As the mayor, I want to be able to see how many gnomes will know a joke after a certain number of minutes
- As the mayor, I want to be able to see the ids of the gnomes who will know a joke after a certain number of minutes
- As the mayor, I want to be able to easily access the data on the spread of jokes

## Competitive Analysis

- There are no other products that provide the same functionality as this one
- This product is unique in its ability to track the spread of jokes in a social network
- This product is easy to use and provides a user-friendly interface

## Competitive Quadrant Chart

quadrantChart
    title "Reach and engagement of campaigns"
    x-axis "Low Reach" --> "High Reach"
    y-axis "Low Engagement" --> "High Engagement"
    quadrant-1 "We should expand"
    quadrant-2 "Need to promote"
    quadrant-3 "Re-evaluate"
    quadrant-4 "May be improved"
    "Campaign A": [0.3, 0.6]
    "Campaign B": [0.45, 0.23]
    "Campaign C": [0.57, 0.69]
    "Campaign D": [0.78, 0.34]
    "Campaign E": [0.40, 0.34]
    "Campaign F": [0.35, 0.78]
    "Our Target Product": [0.5, 0.6]

## Requirement Analysis

The requirements are clear and concise, and they provide all of the information needed to develop the product.

The product will need to be able to track the spread of jokes in a social network.

The product will need to be able to provide the mayor with information on how many gnomes will know a joke after a certain number of minutes.

The product will need to be able to provide the mayor with the ids of the gnomes who will know a joke after a certain number of minutes.

The product will need to be easy to use and provide a user-friendly interface.

## Requirement Pool

- ['P0', 'The product will need to be able to track the spread of jokes in a social network.']
- ['P0', 'The product will need to be able to provide the mayor with information on how many gnomes will know a joke after a certain number of minutes.']
- ['P0', 'The product will need to be able to provide the mayor with the ids of the gnomes who will know a joke after a certain number of minutes.']
- ['P1', 'The product will need to be easy to use and provide a user-friendly interface.']

## UI Design draft

The UI will be simple and easy to use.

The main screen will have a map of Kekocity, with the gnomes represented by dots.

The user will be able to click on a gnome to see their friends and the jokes that they have shared.

The user will also be able to search for jokes by keyword.

## Anything UNCLEAR



